Improve ephemerality docs, adding `remove-stale-node` (#20057)
netdata/netdata: docs/nodes-ephemerality.md

## Managing Archived Nodes

The [Netdata CLI](/src/cli/README.md) has two commands for working with archived nodes.

### mark-stale-nodes-ephemeral

To mark a permanently offline nodes, including virtual nodes, as ephemeral:

```bash
netdatacli mark-stale-nodes-ephemeral <node_id | machine_guid | hostname | ALL_NODES>
```

> This keeps the previously collected metrics data available for querying, and also clears any active alerts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This keeps the previously collected metrics data available for querying and clears any active alerts.
```

> **Note**: Nodes will revert to permanent status if they reconnect unless configured as ephemeral in their `netdata.conf`.

### remove-stale-node

To fully remove permanently offline nodes:

```bash
netdatacli remove-stale-node <node_id | machine_guid | hostname | ALL_NODES>
```

> This is like the `mark-stale-nodes-ephemeral` subcommand, but also removes the node so that they are no longer available for querying.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is like the `mark-stale-nodes-ephemeral` subcommand, but it also removes the nodes so they are no longer available for querying.
```

## Cloud Integration

> Ephemeral nodes in Netdata Cloud are considered stale as long as there is at least one Agent reporting that, for that node, it has metrics data available for querying, by signaling the node as stale. When all Agents report the node as offline, ephemeral nodes are deleted from Cloud as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Netdata Cloud, ephemeral nodes remain visible but marked as 'stale' as long as at least one Agent reports having queryable metrics data for that node. Once all Agents report the node as offline, ephemeral nodes are automatically removed from Cloud.
```
